## Project Overview

Our project, OSINTMe, is a database application that will focus on digital footprints and protecting one’s personal data. OSINT stands for Open Source Intelligence, which refers to the collection and analysis of publicly available data from online sources. The main goal of this project is to allow users to securely store their personal information such as their name, email, phone numbers, or addresses within the application and then check it with any publicly available data breach databases or Application Programming Interfaces (APIs). This would help users identify whether their personal, private information appears online inside of data leaks, data breaches, or search engines. The application will monitor our users’ data, notify them if any of their information has been found online, and then allow them to take action in order to protect their privacy and reduce their digital footprint. The motivation behind creating this project is the ever-increasing number of cyberattacks, data leaks, and breaches, as well as other cybersecurity threats that people face today. This application would allow users to have more control over their personal data online. The stakeholders of this project would be users who are concerned about their personal information online and companies or organizations that want to keep the information of their users or employees confidential and safe. The application’s domain is information security because it is about keeping users’ information secure. Our goal is to securely store users’ personal information and provide ways of searching and properly handling that data if it appears elsewhere to secure their digital footprint.

## Contributors
- Toey Lui (@toeyldev)
- Patrick Luong (@skarrf)
- Victor Le (@gnomieDaHomie)
